docs: add testing tips, increase content width, and improve log sampling wording (#174)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/content/core/logger.mdx

## Sampling debug logs

Sampling allows you to set your Logger Log Level as DEBUG based on a percentage of your concurrent/cold start invocations. You can set a sampling value of `0.0` to `1` (100%) using either `sample_rate` parameter or `POWERTOOLS_LOGGER_SAMPLE_RATE` env var.

This is useful when you want to troubleshoot an issue, say a sudden increase in concurrency, and you might not have enough information in your logs as Logger log level was understandably set as INFO.

> Sampling calculation happens at the Logger class initialization. This means sampling will unlikely if you have a steady low number of invocations, depending on what you configured it.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit more clear

```suggestion
Sampling decision happens at the Logger class initialization, which only happens during a cold start. This means sampling may happen significant more or less than you expect if you have a steady low number of invocations and thus few cold starts.
```
